hey bride let me ask you something
what's up do you ever get the feeling
that this entire show is nothing but a
bald-faced toy commercial where did you
get that idea we I love playing with my
new Tara figure and it only cost me
$19.99 at my nearest Toys R Us store
nothing just a thought
it get up and line of fire
Hey look a kitty I want to pet the kitty
kitty
oh he's sleep in it what are you doing
you can't pet the bad guys so what we
win the battle either way that's not the
point
quit being so selfish selfish you know
what your problem is Lina you're angry
because nobody likes you and you have no
friends Jamie likes me no he doesn't he
pretends just like everyone else if you
actually paid attention to anyone you
would know that but you don't which
doesn't surprise me because you're a
horrible person I was out of line
Hey she started it don't worry Lina I
like you and I always will I hope that
didn't come out too stalkerish Hey
listen to me you may not want to piss
off Lina in the future like that okay
why is everyone taking her side after
thing what everyone was thinking I'm
just saying he'd better watch your back
from now on because it's about that time
in the month and her little friend comes
by do you mean what I think you mean no
I need Harry champ
who's Harry champ you're joking right
you've been calling here over a hundred
times a day every day for the past three
years you're exaggerating
really check the answering machine
sometime message 283
hey there Lina baby sorry I don't mean
to keep leaving you all these messages
but you never finger had turned my calls
so what's happening the reason I'm
telling you this is because he's
obsessed with her and she's not above
using him for revenge please like
that'll happen really then I suppose you
don't remember what happened this
morning
do you over here on mmm okay you've got
a point just be lucky he hasn't
challenged you to a duel yet
ah bit cloud I challenge you to a duel
avoid battle tomorrow at dawn
Oh phew I thought you were going to
challenge me to a children's card game
and get us all in trouble you idiot he
has enough money to make even a lame
avoid like Jamie Terrace hey somewhat
badass call off the duel I can still
take him ah you know what bit you go do
that
you'll have fun Jamie you still like me
right
yes Lena and you don't think I'm a
horrible person
do you know Lena check me you know if
you really liked me you would lose on
purpose to spare my feelings
fine I forced it and that's why I like
you best Jamie now pick it up all right
blitz team if I win this toy battle
leader rides off with me romantically
into the sunset if that's the case I
surrender oh no you won't huh I finally
found you bid cloud what the hell is
that thing this is my dark horn champ
supreme it has a dual action Gatling gun
high-powered laser beam cannon inside
jet from an infertility holy shit he's
coming after it who do you think is
gonna win doc
sorry dreamy can't hear you oh hey nice
to see you again how are things on your
end why what's wrong dear god that's
horrible but look on the bright side my
life it's great
Leena
sorry blood accidental discharge but you
would know all about that wouldn't you
bit what did she mean by that
why would you know about that bit I
don't know I swear
Leena quit antagonizing him doc
do something Oh broke my wookie Lina you
know you're not helping what just
happened
big kept turning left which meant the
dark horns leg causing it to eventually
break down and fall over no that's right
and all that gorrila streamin just a
ploy to distract him also is when I get
out of here in my pants are wet that was
yeah
you